фабула: детектив { магия + космос }

место: космическая орбитальная станция-город спец. на обучении магии.

ГГ: частный детектив? детектив? один из помощников?

формат: короткие рассказы. один рассказ - одно дело.

жанр: фантастика + альт. история


====

7 рассказов, по кол-ву "главных" историй

1. Overcoming the monster -- defeating some force which threatens. e.g. most Hollywood movies; Star Wars, James Bond.

2. The Quest -- typically a group set off in search of something and (usually) find it.e.g. Watership Down, Pilgrim's Progress.

3. Journey and Return --the hero journeys away from home to somewhere different and finally comes back having experienced something and maybe changed for the better. e.g. Wizard of Oz, Gullivers Travels.

4. Comedy - not neccesarily a funny plot. Some kind of
misunderstanding or ignorance is created that keeps parties apart which is resolved towards the end bringing them back together. e.g.
Bridget Jones Diary, War and Peace.

5. Tragedy - Someone is tempted in some way, vanity, greed etc and becomes increasingly desperate or trapped by their actions until at a climax they usually die. Unless it's a Hollywood movie, when they escape to a happy ending. e.g. Devils' Advocate, Hamlet.

6. Rebirth - hero is captured or oppressed and seems to be in a state of living death until it seems all is lost when miraculously they are freed. e.g. Snow White.

7. Rags to Riches - self explanatory really. e.g. Cinderella &
derivatives


1 Killing the Monster
2 Quest
3 Voyage and Return
4 Comedy
5 Tragedy
6 Rebirth
7 Rags to Riches


1 - man vs. nature 
2 - man vs. man 
3 - man vs. the environment 
4 - man vs. machines/technology 
5 - man vs. the supernatural 
6 - man vs. self 
7 - man vs. god/religion 


1.4. Killing the Monster (KTM), man vs nature
2.7. Quest, man vs man
3.1. Voyage and Return (VAR), man vs the environment ("Поход в андерграунд/подземку/вент.шахты", ???)
4.5. Comedy, man vs. machines/technology
5.2. Tragedy, man vs. the supernatural
6.6. Rebirth, man vs. self ()
7.3. Rags to Riches (RTR), man vs. god/religion (Конфронтация с отцом-священником, неприятелем магии. Побег из дома в попытке поступить в школу магии. Неудача. Первое дело, знакомство с начальством школы, зачисление по факту раскрытия дела. В теме а-ля "взгляд назад".)


i. Rebirth, Comedy
ii. RTR
iii. Quest, Comedy
iv. VAR
v. Rebirth, Comedy, Quest
vi. Tragedy, KTM
vii. Tragedy, KTM



